The Box Model is one of the most fundsmental Parts of CSS, becuse it defines how the elements are displayed on the web page
and how they are sized. Each element can be seen as a box and each box can have a width, hight, padding, margins and border.

We can specify all this using css properties. They are all optional, there can be boxes with no padding, margin and others.

1. Content of the box where all the text, images and other content can be specified. We can define his hight and 
width using the corresponding css properties.

2. Padding is the transparent area arround the content, but is still inside of the box.

3. Border is sarounding the padding.

4. Margin is outside of the box. If we want to create some space between 2 elemnts we will use their  margin property.

5. Fill area - is the whole box before the margin. This area gets filled with background color or background image.

If we want to rest all elements we do the so called global reset, to do theat we need to select all the elelements.
For that we have a special selector, called star * selector. With this we can select all elements form the page.
And what we do is to set it like this:

* {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  box-sizing: border-box;
}

Now we can add margin to the bottom of h1: margin-bottom: 25px;

If we want to seclect all paragraphs we use the p selector.
If we want to selct the input element and the button element we write input, button{} in the style.css file.

input,
button {
  padding: 8px;
  font-size: 12px;
  margin-right: 8px;
}

Another very important selector is the child selector.
If for example we want to select the h2 form the form(becuse we have another h2 before that), we can use the 
id of the form to tell css that we are selecting the child wich is inside the form with this id.
So we use the id your-name and then the other selector h2:

#your-name h2 {
  color: green;
}

This way we select the h2 in the form with id #your-name.

Another thing is to specify the size of the image. So on the image we specify either a hight or a width attribute.
Here we usually specify the width and the hight will be set automatically:

#course-image {
  width: 300px;
}

