JS is a high-level, object oriented, multi paradigm programming language.

The JavaScript Engine is a computer program taht executes JavaScript code. Every brouser has his own Engine.
The most common Engine is the Google V8 engine.
V8 engine powers Google Chrome and Node.JS

Any JavaScript Engine always contains  CallStack and a Heap.

The CallStack is where our code is executed.
The Heap is storing all the Objects that our application needs.

How is actually the code compiled to a machine code(0 and 1) so that it can actually be executed afterwards.
This happends using Compilation or Interpretation.

In Compilation the entire sorce code is converted into machine code at once. The machine code is written on portable file,
that can be executed on any computer.

In Interpretation has an interpreter that runs through the source code and executes it line by line.
The problem with Interpreted languages is that the program runs much slower than the complied languages.

Modern JavaScript language now use a mix between compilation and interpreation, called just in-time compilation.
This compiles the entire code into machine code at once and then executes it right away. Here is no poratbile file
to execute and the execution happends immediately after the compilation.

How it works:

1. First Step:  as a piece of JS code enters the Engine, the first step is to Parse the code, means to read the code.
   During the Parcing process the code is parced into a data strcture called - Abstract Syntax Tree(AST). It spreads
   each line of code into pieces and saves this pieces into the tree in a structured way. This Step also checks if
   there are any syntax errors. The resulting tree will later be used to generate the machine code.

2. Second Ster: Is Compilation - it takes the generated AST and compiles it to a mchine code.

3. Third Step: The Ecexution - this machine code gets executed right away. The Ecexution happends in the JavaScript Engine
   called CallStack. In the background this machine code will be optimized and put back to Compilation many times.
   This is what makes modern just in-time compilation Engines such as V8 so fast.